Henry is a service robot, currently tested for its capabilities in facilities like the HdB in the context of the STRANDS research project.
Henry is there to serve you. He can display useful information.
Henry will be roaming about and offer his services.
Simply press the buttons on his screen,
... to have information displayed to you.
For instance, view the the weather forecast for Vienna,
or read the latest news,
or view today's lunch menu.
When you are finished, simply leave Henry behind. He will soon find new tasks to engage with.
Henry also can show visitors and guest around the HdB.
Simply enter the room number or the name of the person to visit,
... and be guided by Henry.
This functionality can be be requested by the receptionists, when guest wish to be guided by the robot.
On arrival, henry departs and continues with his other duties.
Henry is not remote controlled, but takes its own decisions and drives autnomously.
Also, he decided when it is time to recharge.
Henry sees his environment using cameras and special sensor.
These enable him to see person and obstacles.
Using his sensors, Henry can detect and avoid obstacles.
Henry will always try to give way to humans and not to interfere with them.
Henry is a robot, employed by researchers to study...
how robots can be used effectively and safely in real-world environments such as the HdB.
Henry continuously localises in a map he created.
This enables him to roam freely and offer services where they are needed.
If you have any concerns about the robot, please do not hesitate to contact the STRANDS team or the reception.